update the code for watsonhealth to watson/health or watson.health (#14)
IBM/FHIR: docs/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

## 2.1 Installing a new server

> 1.	To install the FHIR server, first obtain the installation package `fhir-install-<version>.zip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	To install the FHIR server, first obtain the installation package `fhir-server-distribution.zip`.
```

> You can download the package from the FHIR server team's [Artifactory server](https://na.artifactory.swg-devops.com/artifactory/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/simple/General/wh-fhir-server-releases-maven-local/com/ibm/watson/health/fhir/fhir-install).

Reviewer: this whole section needs to be removed as it points to internal artifacts inside IBM

Author: right - do you want me to remove?

Reviewer: yes please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maven build creates the zip package under `fhir-install/target`. Alternatively, releases will be available from the [Releases tab](https://github.com/ibm/fhir/releases).
```

Reviewer: also, the prevous line should say `fhir-server-distribution.zip` and not `fhir-install-<version>.zip`
